README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Kawish 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  Software Engineering student at <b>Hogeschool Rotterdam</b><br/>
  Technical Director at <b>Glorporation Games</b><br/>
  Currently building our first <b>multiplayer game</b> 🎮
</p>

---

## 👤 Who I Am

- 💻 Studying Informatica and developing solid software engineering fundamentals  
- 🎮 Technical Lead of the development team at Glorporation Games  
- 🧩 Designing and implementing gameplay systems and tools that are scalable, maintainable, and fun to use  


---

## 🚀 What I Am Working On
- Creating core systems and gameplay for our first multiplayer game
- Creating tools for non-technical teammates to further help the game's developmnt
- Making technical decisions and supporting my team as Technical Director  
- Improving code quality, architecture, and collaboration every sprint  

---

## 🌐 Socials

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/kawish-gangadin-31472525b)
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ks.gangadin@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=plastic&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=plastic&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=plastic&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=plastic&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=plastic&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

---

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=KawishGangadin&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Enhance README with projects and GitHub stats
Added sections for projects and GitHub stats to README.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Kawish 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  Software Engineering student at <b>Hogeschool Rotterdam</b><br/>
  Technical Director at <b>Glorporation Games</b><br/>
  Currently building our first <b>multiplayer game</b> 🎮
</p>

---

## 👤 Who I Am

- 💻 Studying Informatica and developing solid software engineering fundamentals  
- 🎮 Technical Lead of the development team at Glorporation Games  
- 🧩 Designing and implementing gameplay systems and tools that are scalable, maintainable, and fun to use  


---

## 🚀 What I Am Working On
- Creating core systems and gameplay for our first multiplayer game
- Creating tools for non-technical teammates to further help the game's developmnt
- Making technical decisions and supporting my team as Technical Director  
- Improving code quality, architecture, and collaboration every sprint  

---
## 🧱 What I Have Worked On

Curious about the projects I have built and worked on?

👉 [Check out my projects here](./PROJECTS.md)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

Want to see more detailed stats and graphs about my GitHub activity?

📈 [View my GitHub stats page](./GITHUBSTATS.md)

---

## 🌐 Socials

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/kawish-gangadin-31472525b)
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ks.gangadin@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=plastic&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=plastic&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=plastic&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=plastic&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=plastic&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

---

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=KawishGangadin&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
